what was that I'm afraid that you've
thought me a bigger fool than I am he
knows I knew when I married you to a
selfish and spoiled but I love you
do you know a place called mate hum Phu
they've had an outbreak it's the worst
epidemic anyone's seen in a long time I
have volunteered to take charge you
can't be serious about taking me into
the middle of a cholera epidemic do you
think that I'm not we've been traveling
for two weeks what did you do swim no we
didn't come out River came overland
whatever for taking a bit of the
countryside get a bit of Sun is it a
long drawn-out affair it's very painful
but it is relatively quick
if you're not afraid why should I be
perhaps I could help in the hospital
you're looking to kill your health I
married you even though I didn't love
you but you knew that aren't you as much
to blame as I
[Music]
this is no place for a woman if the
cholera doesn't get us the nationalist
white
[Music]
thank you
you
[Music]